This story is about a daily pilgrimage. Religion? not amongst the existing ones, but a religion of my own. And devoted i was.
It's about my drill of visiting a tea shop in Bengaluru. As you read through this piece, you would realise, as did I in due course of time, 
it was not just about the tea that was served.

It all started as an escape from the mundane routine of a motonous life, a reservoir of vigour that helps you to go on.  Then it became an oasis in my desert, a gesture, however small it may seem to be.

I believe, life is all about memories, and regularity creates memories that remain. This intelligent brain of ours
does not remember the smaller things, or even if they were not small but great incidents, does not let us have the feeling of belonginess.
It's regularity that it remembers. So this routine was for memory

I felt it as a tribute to the place I come from, cause i have developed the ability to identify the roots of my people even when they 
obscure themselves under the veils of societal uniformity.
The biggest smile that Bhaiya gave whenever he saw me, it has an unknown sense of familiarity. With every passing day, I could realise
how it feels like when you actually get to know a person, slowly but gradually.
My visits, sometimes alone, sometimes with people, sometimes not. But this thing I knew, he was always there. And the confidence with which he 
opened up to me, sharing his life story, hardships and mistakes, like one would do to an old friend. Pretty much content with the place, 
and why he loves the place, his love for his homeland, and the sadness of his father leaving him

The tea also had some distinct flavour. Kulhad also had some share, but, there was definitely great merit in the creater, first time in life i realized tea could actually taste so
good. And also about the place. And as time slowed down and I sipped on my cup, the great show of life ran through my eyes.
looking at the faces of people coming back from office or going to some place, when all human emotions were evident.
It felt like they just want someone to know how they 
felt, as if they are marking all those emotions just as an excuse for someone stranger to come up and ask, hey is everything all right?

if you look around, it's just the right place to meet strangers, some other love ranger, just in the search of a satiating conversation, 
and also about praising the tea in front of strangers

This small routine, doesn't it resemble life. Every day, happily I would take the cup of tea and everytime i would very cleverly forget
the feeling that I had the last day when this cup of tea ended. It's the saddest feeling in the day. A different kind of sadness, a sweet 
sadness, one mixed
with a content, a peculiar happiness and a determination. Like the one when the one you love finds just the right person for her but that
person is not you, or like when you leave behind your home and family, but in search of a new place, new dwelling, new opportunities

Don't we live in the spur of the moment, life being hot and steamy, tea being the same. But what would happen when life is not so 
hot and hot after all. Would I be able to cope with it. What will I do when everything cools down? How will my tea taste when it 
cools down? So I let it cool down, again tring to find hints about life from this mundane cup. It had an altogether different taste.
An aftertaste, a taste so unique in itself, a taste mixed with some memories of the same day or memories unknown. 

sitting there thinking all these, I am definitely not apt enough to let life take this course and at the moment can't 
make head and toe of all these thoughts that run through my head. They say, "You can't see the long and short of it if your cup is full".
You should empty your cup first.
Sorry about that, but I want my cup full.
and thus I ask him to pour one more time
